Remove negative language from Models documentation (#8263)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/concepts/models.md

    This config flag is deprecated in Pydantic V2, and has been replaced with `frozen`.

!!! warning

>     Immutability in Python is never strict. Developers have the ability to modify objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In Python, immutability is not enforced. Developers have the ability to modify objects
```

>     In Python, strict immutability is not enforced. Developers have the ability to modify objects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Immutability in Python is never strict. Developers have the ability to modify objects
```

Reviewer 3: I like the `is not enforced` language better. I find it semantically clearer than `strict`.

Reviewer 3: That sounds better to me
